---
layout: default
title: We love Trumpcast!
---

[Trumpcast](http://www.slate.com/articles/podcasts/trumpcast.html) is a show about Donald Trump and why he should never be president.  The advantage of Trumpcast, hosted by Slate's Jacob Weisberg, is that doesn’t make pretense of equal time and weight to each candidate as though they were essentially equivalent characters with varying policies. Every day new lies and illegalities surround Trump and as each new story distracts from the preceding, the media never gives any one story a fraction of the weight needed to fully understand it.  Trumpcast is a forum to give Trump's lies and illegalities their due, and its accumulation of episodes proves that Trump does not have the qualifications, competence, compassion, or honesty to be president.  There are too many worthy episodes to mention in this post, so we are reviewing one of our top picks here.

An episode featuring satirist Peter Sagal is [one of our favorites](http://www.slate.com/articles/podcasts/trumpcast/2016/06/peter_sagal_on_satirizing_donald_trump.html).  Sagal, who hosts [a comedic radio show covering current topics](http://www.npr.org/programs/wait-wait-dont-tell-me/), requested a spot on Trumpcast so he could openly discuss his “sad and woeful” perspective on the “present emergency” of Donald Trump, and what better place than a podcast devoted to that exact horror.  As admirers of Sagal’s radio show, we’ve only known the comedian, and we equally liked hearing another side of him as he passionately expressed his concern for the malignancy that Donald Trump is bringing to America.  One of his most compelling examples was that while Trump and Hitler aren’t the same, there are parallels between them; early on Hitler was seen as a buffoon who no one took seriously and, for example, how elites thought they could control Hitler once he took power.  For us, this example provided a refined view of Trump within the context of a history that the world should never revisit.

Sagal also spoke of the unprecedented challenges of covering Trump on a comedy show: the radio show makes fun of politicians not for their political perspectives, but for their human errs and the shared assumption that they are embarrassed by those errors.  But what can one do when Trump’s humanity is clearly absent?  Sagal’s solution: to use Trump‘s own words and actions to satirize himself; interestingly, Trumpcast follows a similar approach by starting each episode with a reading of Trump’s actual tweets. 

Weisberg and Sagal’s take home message was that Trump's campaign is not normal, and absolutely cannot be treated as such; not by the media, not by his political opponents, and not by the American public.  For the informed discussion and reasoned perspectives, we cannot recommend this episode of Trumpcast strongly enough.

